the incident that happened at the two
Pines wedding chapel that put this whole
gory story into motion has since become
legend
that mama deserves her revenge have we
deserved to die
I've killed a hell of a lot of people to
get to this point and I am gonna kill
bill before this tale bloody revenge
which is its climax there's a few
unanswered questions if I'm a doesn't
kill you will make you stronger be Chu
Chu Nick hey there are consequences to
breaking the heart of a killer pretty
cool
she's coming to kill you you see cut her
what it won't through idiot bodyguards
no it wasn't really a TM they just
called himself the crazy 88 how come I
don't know I guess they thought it's
Alec hi mommy
so it all suddenly seems so queer
I was a killer who killed for you I had
to choose I chose her
she must suffer to her last breath
you and I have unfinished business
baby you ain't kiddin I'm sorry I
overreacted you overreacted